docs: CPLYTM-510 highlighting functionality of logger (#64)
complytime/complytime: docs/STYLE_GUIDE.md

- **Empty Line at End of File**: Ensure that all files include an empty line at the end. This helps with version control diffs and adheres to POSIX standards.
- Other [Go checks](https://github.com/complytime/complytime/blob/main/.golangci.yml) are present in CI/CD and therefore it may be useful to also run them locally before submitting a PR.
- The pre-commit and pre-push hooks can be configured by installing [pre-commit](https://pre-commit.com/) and running `make dev-setup`

> - ComplyTime leverages the [charmbracelet/log ](https://github.com/charmbracelet/log)library for user-awareness during plugin execution and completion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ComplyTime leverages the [charmbracelet/log ](https://github.com/charmbracelet/log)library for logging all command and plugin activity.  By default this output is printed to stdout.
```
